INSTALL
=======

Prerequisites:
--------------

### GOLANG

This application is written in the GO programming language developed
by Rob Pike and Ken Thompsen at Google, Inc. The software is distributed
as source code and can be build on different operating systems and hardware
architectures. Visit <http://golang.org> to learn more about GO.

To install GO on your computer you must have the usual C Compiler tools
installed; on Debian this requires the packages *awk*, *bison*, *gcc* and
*make* (see <http://golang.org/doc/install.html#ctools> for more info) and a
working "Mercurial" (source control management software) on your box (for more
info see <http://golang.org/doc/install.html#mercurial>). You need to install
the current TIP release of Go1 for this archive to compile correctly.

Use a directory of your choice (I recommend to use the `/opt/go` directory
if you are allowed to create sub-directories under `/opt/go`) and then to
change into this directory. Next you fetch a snapshot of the GO
repository and compile and test it:

	$ cd /opt/go
	$ hg clone https://code.google.com/p/go golang
	$ cd golang
	$ hg update tip
	$ cd src
	$ ./all.bash

If you see a 'ALL TESTS PASSED' message, your build was successful. You can
now add environment variables for GO; it is recommended to add these lines
to a start-up file (like `.bashrc`) after you changed it to match your soft-
and hardware environment:

	export GOOS=linux
	export GOARCH=amd64
	export GOROOT=/opt/go/golang
	export PATH=${PATH}:${GOROOT}/bin
	
#### GO1 sub-repositories

With the release of Go1 some code needed by SID has been moved into sub-
repositories. At least the 'go.crypto' sub-repository must be installed
locally:

	$ cd /opt/go/libs
	$ mkdir -p sub/code.google.com/p
	$ cd sub/code.google.com/p
	$ hg clone https://code.google.com/p/go.crypto
	$ cd ../..
	$ go install -v ./... 

Make sure you set a GOPATH variable to the sub-repository:

	$ export GOPATH=/opt/go/libs/sub
	
N.B.: If you want to instalkl further Go1 sub-repositories, I recommend to
put them under the same base directory (/opt/go/libs/sub) so you don't need
additional GOPATH elments and have all Google GO libraries in one place.

### GOSPEL

GOSPEL is the "GO SPEcial Library" and an Open-Source project. To install
the required GOSPEL packages for SID on your computer, you need a working
*git* installation; then simply issue the following commands:

	$ mkdir /opt/go/libs
	$ cd /opt/go/libs
	$ git clone git://github.com/bfix/gospel gospel
	$ cd gospel/src
	$ make install
	
Don't forget to extend the the GOPATH variable to include the GOSPEL project:

	$ export GOPATH=${GOPATH}:/opt/go/libs/gospel 

Building and installing the SID library
---------------------------------------

To build and install the SID framework package, change into the source
directory and build/install the target:

	$ cd src
	$ make install

The compiled SID library can be used by customized SID applications.
 